docs(product-tours): document banner animation toggle (#15071)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-tours/creating-announcements.mdx

- **Position**: Choose between sticky (stays visible while scrolling), static (scrolls with content), or custom (inject into a specific container element using a CSS selector).
- **Click action**: Set what happens when users click the banner – open a link, trigger another product tour, or do nothing.

> - **Animate in**: When enabled (default), the banner slides in from the top with a brief animation. Disable this if you prefer the banner to appear instantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Animate in**: When enabled (default), the banner slides in from the top with a brief animation. This is useful in preventing an abrupt layout shift when the banner loads.
```
